yet another pre-dawn raid by Israeli
soldiers in the occupied West Bank it's
become a nightly occurrence but the
scale and intensity of this coordinated
operation stands out and this video
released by the Israeli Army show what
its soldiers were after money exchange
Outlets this is part of the Israeli
policy to punish the Palestinian in West
Bank and this is I consider a collective
punishment those exchange Outlets are
well known to the Palestinians we know
since 9/11 there is a tough uh measures
and legislation globally used by all
governments to monitor the money
transfer from A to Z and this kind of uh
legislation can can can follow exactly
where the money goes I think what
happens is part of the Israeli
measurement to to to punish the
Palestinians the Israeli defense
minister signed an order declaring five
money exchange shops uh terrorist
financing organizations and as soon as
he did that that's when these raids
coordinated raids across the occupied
West Bank happened uh he says that the
Israelis took around nearly $3 million
us from five different
locations at some exchange Outlets
Israeli forces left leaflets comparing
Hamas to isil detained business owners
and confiscated safes the Israeli Army
carried out incursions in multiple
cities including Hebron in the South
ramala nablas taram and Janine in the
north one paramedic provided an i this
account we treated and transported four
injured Palestinians who were shot in
the chest shoulder leg and sensitive
areas with 223 caliber rounds we were
able to get the injured to the hospitals
and two other injuries were transported
by our colleagues from the Palestinian
red crescent analysts believe Israel is
stepping up its incursions to send a
message this is a pretty clear
indication that the Israelis are going
full force
to try to prevent the West Bank from uh
breaking out into yet another military
confrontation front with
Israel before October the 7th Israeli
forces conducted an average of 12 raids
daily in the occupied West
Bank since the war in Gaza began they've
increased to about 42 a day thousands of
Palestinians have been arrested Imran
Khan Al jazer fromal
[Music]
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer